

*FLUME_PID_DIR* :: The directory where a Flume node or Flume master
will drop pid files corresponding to the daemon process.  Default is
+/tmp/flumemaster.pid+ when run as user and
+/var/run/flume/flumemaster.pid+ when run as a daemon.

*FLUME_CLASSPATH* :: The custom java classpath environment variable
additions you want Flume to run with.  These values are prepended to
the normal Flume generated CLASSPATH.  WARNING: The +flume+ script
overwrites the standard CLASSPATH when it is executed.  The default
contains nothing.

*FLUME_LOG_DIR* :: The directory where debugging logs generated by the
Flume node or Flume master are written. The default is
+$FLUME_HOME/logs+ if run as a user, and +/var/log/flume/+ if run as a
daemon.

*FLUME_LOGFILE* :: This sets the suffix for the logfiles generated by
Flume node or Flume master.  

*FLUME_ROOT_LOGGER* :: The log4j logging setting for the executing
command.  By default it is "INFO,console".

*ZOOKEEPER_ROOT_LOGGER* :: The log4j logging setting for a master's
embedded Zookeeper server's logs.  By default it is "ERROR,console".

*WATCHDOG_ROOT_LOGGER* :: The log4j logging setting for the logging
the watchdog that wraps Flume nodes and Flume masters generates.  By
default it is "INFO,console".

*FLUME_CONF_DIR* :: The directory where the +flume-site.xml+ and
+flume-conf.xml+ files Flume node and Flume master will use reside.
This defaults to +./conf+ if a +./conf/flume-conf.xml+ file is found,
or to +/etc/flume/conf/+ if it +flume-conf.xml+ is found there.

*HADOOP_HOME* :: The directory where Hadoop jars are expected to be
found.  If not specified it will use jars found in +/usr/lib/hadoop+
or +./lib/+.

*FLUME_DEVMODE* :: If this value is set to "true" the +./libbuild+
jars which include ant jars required to compile JSP servlets will be
included in the CLASSPATH.

*FLUME_VERBOSE* :: If this is toggled, the Flume script will print out
the command line being executed.

*FLUME_VERBOSE_JAVA* :: If FLUME_VERBOSE is toggled, toggling this
value will also add the "-verbose" flag to the JVM running Flume.



